OSDOCS#7662: Control plane node resizing alert (#65353)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sd-planning-considerations.adoc

Post-installation scaling requirements for control plane and infrastructure nodes are assessed on a case-by-case basis. Node resource consumption and received alerts are taken into consideration.

> .Rules for control plane node resizing alert

Reviewer: Is there only one alert now? This should either be reverted to plural (for a general statement) or, if there is now only one possible alert, it needs an article ("the [...] alert").

Reviewer 2: There is only one alert, though I think whether there are one or many alerts is an implementation detail that someone reading the docs doesn't need to care about.

Long way of saying: I'm ok with both approaches (adjusting the header/lead-in sentence to be singular or changing it back to match for consistency) :D

Reviewer: Thanks for the context, @mjlshen! 

I think reverting makes the most sense, since we tend to talk in general statements in docs. 

If we want to be extra specific instead, I would add "the" to the heading for grammar/style, and also make the lead-in say "The resizing alert" instead of "A resizing alert".

> A resizing alert is triggered for the control plane nodes in a cluster when the following occurs:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A resizing alert is triggered for the control plane nodes in a cluster when the following condition occurs:
```
condition or scenario?

Reviewer 3: Just a minor suggestion. It's totally up to you.

> * Control plane nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster.

Reviewer 4: This update leaves a single item on the list, unlike before when there was more than one condition to be met. Can we revise this to drop the list formatting then? For example:

> A resizing alert is triggered for the control plane nodes in a cluster when the control plane nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster.

Reviewer 2: I think the single item list is more consistent how it is because this whole section is very similar to `Rules for infrastructure node resizing alerts` below, which uses a list since it has two items.

If this control plane resizing was its own standalone section I think reformatting could make more sense though

Reviewer 4: Sorry, but I disagree. It's the `.Block title` (_Rules for control plane node resizing alert_ and _Rules for infrastructure node resizing alerts_) that provide the required consistency. Here a list is not required, unless there is more than one item.

Author: I agree that this would normally require to be removed from the list formatting, but in order to keep the consistency with the other rules, and allow the alert to stand out, we'll keep it as a list and address it in the future. Thanks!

> * Infrastructure nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Control plane nodes sustain over 66% utilization on average in a classic ROSA cluster.
```
